README.md, before:

# Slice of Heaven Bakery Front end

#### Owner
Program by Elizabeth Mwende Muthusi

#### Date
04/03/2023.

### About the Program
This is the project's front-end web application for a bakery built with React and styled with Bootstrap. It allows users to sign up and log in to their accounts, choose from a variety of products, and add them to a cart.

### Features
- User sign up and login
- Products page with a selection of items
- Product detail page with information on each item
- Cart page that displays all the items added by the user
- Ability to add and remove items from the cart
- User profile page that displays the user's information and order history

### Technologies Used
- React.js
- Bootstrap
- React Router
- CSS

#### The Components
This repository contains a collection of React components that are used to build the frontend of the Slice of Heaven bakery shop software. The components included in this repository are:

- Signup
- Signin
- LogIn
- Home
- About
- Cart
- Products
- Team
- Navbar

##### Signup
The Signup component is used to allow users to sign up for an account on the bakery shop website. It includes form fields for the user's name, username, email, secret key and password.

##### Signin
The Signin component is used to allow users to sign in to their account on the bakery shop website. It includes form fields for the user's email and password.

##### LogIn
The LogIn component renders the Signup component.

##### Home
The Home component is the main landing page of the bakery shop website. It links to other sections of the website such as the Products page.

##### About
The About component is used to display information about the bakery, such as its mission.

##### Cart
The Cart component is used to display the items that a user has added to their shopping cart on the bakery shop website. It includes form fields for the user's shipping address and payment information.

##### Products
The Products component is used to display the list of products available for sale on the bakery shop website.

##### Team
The Team component is used to display information about the bakery shop's team, including the names and roles of its members.

##### Navbar
The Navbar component is used to display the navigation menu at the top of each page on the bakery shop website. It includes links to the different sections of the website.

### Running the program
1. Run `rake server` in the terminal of the backend of this program
2. When the server is running, run `npm start` in this terminal
3. Enjoy

Commit message:

Updated readme and configured user to view her order history

README.md, after:

# Slice of Heaven Bakery Front end

#### Owner
Program by Elizabeth Mwende Muthusi

#### Date
04/03/2023.

### About the Program
This is the project's front-end web application for a bakery built with React and styled with Bootstrap. It allows users to sign up and log in to their accounts, choose from a variety of products, and add them to a cart.

### Features
- User sign up and login
- Products page with a selection of items
- Product detail page with information on each item
- Cart page that displays all the items added by the user
- Ability to add and remove items from the cart
- User profile page that displays the user's information and order history

### Technologies Used
- React.js
- Bootstrap
- React Router
- CSS

#### The Components
This repository contains a collection of React components that are used to build the frontend of the Slice of Heaven bakery shop software. The components included in this repository are:

- Signup
- Signin
- LogIn
- Home
- About
- Cart
- Products
- Team
- Navbar

##### Signup
The Signup component is used to allow users to sign up for an account on the bakery shop website. It includes form fields for the user's name, username, email, secret key and password.

##### Signin
The Signin component is used to allow users to sign in to their account on the bakery shop website. It includes form fields for the user's email and password.

##### LogIn
The LogIn component renders the Signup component.

##### Home
The Home component is the main landing page of the bakery shop website. It links to other sections of the website such as the Products page.

##### About
The About component is used to display information about the bakery, such as its mission.

##### Cart
The Cart component is used to display the items that a user has added to their shopping cart on the bakery shop website. It includes form fields for the user's shipping address and payment information.

##### Products
The Products component is used to display the list of products available for sale on the bakery shop website.

##### Team
The Team component is used to display information about the bakery shop's team, including the names and roles of its members.

##### Navbar
The Navbar component is used to display the navigation menu at the top of each page on the bakery shop website. It includes links to the different sections of the website.

### Running the program
1. Run `rake server` in the terminal of the backend of this program. Fork and clone the backend using [this link](https://github.com/Elizabeth-M-M/bakery_back_end)
2. When the server is running, run `npm start` in this terminal
3. As a user, you need to sign in to use the cart and to order.
4. After ordering, you can log in as staff to check the order a customer made. Use these credentials; email:`sliceofheaven@ymail.com` and
    password:`54321`
